how would you like your gas prices to
double what about oil and $150 a barrel
these are very real possibilities right
now today I'm going to explain the
changes that have happened the companies
that are involved and the countries as
well all here in this one video you've
got to pay attention stick with me the
first thing I want to cover is what's
going on with oil itself the most recent
developments you can see it here for
yourself Saudi Arabia to extend
voluntary cut of 1 million barrels per
day until the end of the year this was
something that has been going on I've
been covering it for you they weren't
exactly sure how long they wanted to go
on for and now it looks like for the
rest of the year they are cutting now of
course when they cut and Russia cuts
well what does that do to the price it
makes it go up obviously and so we see
that right now where the price has
escalated I'll show you the charts but
know that it isn't just Saudi Arabia
doing it here you can see at the bottom
the cut adds to the 1.66 million barrels
per day of other voluntary crude outport
declines that some members of OPEC have
put in place until the end of
2024 and so we got to realize that this
has started to have an impact the prices
go up as a result okay a few things you
got to know Russia and Saudi have done
their output cut other countries you've
got gas prices Transportation expect to
increase as a result that means your
food prices are up that means everything
because it's coming on the trucks it's
coming in some sort of way it's going to
um you know have those increased
expenses as a result of this there are
some other factors though if it's too
high that means we could actually induce
a recession so if it does get to that
$150 a barrel the economy can't stand on
that $150 a barrel is too high so how
long it would ever be able to stay there
for even if it does it wouldn't be the
first time of course but it's something
that then slows everything down and we
are um told right now by Goldman Sachs
by all the big boys that the recession
is no longer coming well if oil is about
to go to these levels well then what do
you think happens we're going to talk
more about that in a second you could
see the prices of course after the
Saudis extend their voluntary outp put
cut to the end of
2023 here we have and what are people
asking like you got to understand like
what's going on in people's minds and
there are a few resources you can use
for that and simply Google being one of
them but you can use answer the public
there are others U this is what they
said how many years of oil left and
according to current consumption they're
suggesting 47 years of oil left all
right 47 years that's what we're being
told there's a a few things here are we
at peak oil that's a question and I
talked about this in my first book Peak
oil what I want to note is that uh we're
using more oil than we did before we're
right at the level like from 2019 the
peak or beginning of 2020 um but let me
tell you something we are going into
places and doing things like fracking
because we are not finding the oil like
we did before they're not just knocking
on the ground and you know it comes all
up so we know that they have to go to
these extensive methods going in the
middle of the Gulf of Mexico going on
all these uh ways in order to bring that
up that's one thing and they wouldn't do
that if they didn't have to because it's
very expensive it's dangerous all these
different things and so we know that and
that's one point but they're still able
to get the oil we're still producing it
we are still bring it on the market and
refining it and so on so we know they're
able to get it and there hasn't really
been a concern so far we also know that
these countries like Saudi Arabia are
starting to shift and they are looking
at other things right now they're not
trying to just be that one trick pony
but regardless regardless this doesn't
even matter because these countries in
the west are saying you're not going to
be able to use gasoline vehicles all of
the trucks are going to have to be
converted into an electric vehicle by 20
by 2035 like whatever whatever that is
they are forcing everybody onto this new
system oh and if you don't it's probably
okay you just got to pay some tax some
fees some this and that and oh by the
way unless you're making you know eight
figures you're not going to be able to
afford it do you see do you see what's
happening so it doesn't even matter so
longterm we've got to pay attention to
that and be concerned about It
ultimately as investors or maybe our
jobs and so on at this time though not
the not the case but I would watch that
green movement future prices for the
commodity subsequently shot up as Supply
shrank the international Benchmark Brent
crude Rose 1.6% to $89 a barrel in fact
it went to $90 a barrel highest since
November 18
2022 okay so you know that the prices
have escalated U significantly and I
wanted to touch on two things two things
here number one crude oil exporting
companies so you could take a screenshot
of this you probably know a lot of the
names on here you could take a
screenshot or just go to the link in the
description okay but I wanted to
highlight this because um we'll talk
more about it at the end as well like
what can you do about it well if the
prices are going up the thing I
mentioned in my first book was you can
offset that by owning some of it right
price goes up okay I own some of it so I
I you know I'm balanced out I'm not that
the inflation in that respect is not
hitting me at home okay it's kind of
just balancing so you'll see this it's
BP Chevron conico
Phillips go down the list it's it's all
of them okay and that's that we have
this as well let me show you searchable
list of crude oil exporting countries in
2022 okay so I wanted to give you an
idea of everything like looking at crude
from every angle Saudi Arabia in terms
of dollars their exports got by the way
this is in dollar value so if the
country is extremely weak in relation to
the US dollar of course it's going to
look different if you measure it in
barrels of oil that's going to look
different like you got to you got to
understand when when we are talking
about exports of a particular commodity
from a certain nation is it priced in
dollars and you know what are the other
factors that play actually makes a big
difference Saudi Arabia Canada Russia
United States United Arab Emirates Iraq
Norway Kuwait Nigeria and Brazil all
right huge I mean Saudi Arabia is
massive there's there's no question
about that Canada needs a lot of
refining on their oil that's the
difference between the two countries so
they're able to produce their oil in
Saudi Arabia for next to nothing whereas
Canada it's a whole ordeal so know that
as well okay refining costs are are much
more expensive and you look at it
overall like resources overall think
about the exports overall China is no
longer the US's largest source of
imports and that has been um surpassed
here by as you see the EU Mexico and
Vietnam are replacing that same loss
share of the US market things have
changed over the last few years when we
look at China um it's not just like oil
I'm talking about here but you look at
what China is doing they're going to the
bricks bricks have expanded UAE Saudi
Iran the bricks are 80% of world oil
reserves it's just unbelievable so China
is saying we're going to do this there's
this part of the world sort of
collecting together it is a very
different circumstance new world order
as they love to call it at the time of
this recording Bren is at $90 a barrel
WTI at 886 and change the prices have
gone High very high in fact here you're
looking at the leading crude oil
importers worldwide in 2022 so Europe
extremely reliant on Imports of oil
China next down the list United States
as well right and just go down and down
and down and by the way Saudi
Arabia obviously at the very end okay
and so here we have it okay that's very
important to note as well so I'm giving
you the full perspective right here
you're seeing the Imports the exports
dollar values uh the companies involved
if you didn't have that perspective
before now you do you can always rewatch
this you can always look at it again
this is what you need to know as an
investor but also just to have the
mindset because we're going into a much
more difficult world I'm going to talk
about at the end what you've got to do
as well here we have it The Tipping
Point in global oil demand what they're
saying anyway because of electric
vehicles fuel savings by 2040 are
expected to be you know this amount you
know basically what they're saying is
look at some point peak oil demand is
going to be around 2025
2035 somewhere in that range is that
true I want to know what you think if we
are going to see peak oil demand and
these electric vehicles start coming in
in fuel savings start coming through is
that going to happen or not you tell me
let's talk more about resources let's
look at this uh holistically you'll see
it the rig count is still plunging big
time and that tells you if they're not
putting more rigs in place if they're
not digging more of the stuff up what do
you think happens to the price but why
is a company going to put more
rigs they're having trouble making it
profitable as it is and then the
government is saying we don't want you
in this business we want you to make
solar panels so they're not going to do
it and that's the way it goes I'm not
you know you don't hear my bias coming
through you're hearing the
economics we as individuals we have to
be prepared to pay
more that's what's going on here I I
need to know stress this you are going
to pay more for resources what do you
what do you need you know what happens
with the electricity grid you don't even
know okay but you as the individual when
you get your bill oh man you know you
know that's what you know but in terms
of you know what type of energy they're
using you may not even know but the
point is you got to pay more and so we
got to deal with that hang in there okay
Goldman
Sachs they they don't see recession but
like I said if prices go too high we get
a recession because the middle class is
the one that's going to feel that not
the elite that don't they don't care
what's going on um and then just showing
the industrial production for Germany
that has gone down as well so Europe is
feeling it a big time there's no
question about that in every aspect just
trying to show you that it this is a
global thing I give you these points
every single day that's why you got to
tune in every day because you're going
to hear bits of China you're going to
hear bits of Europe you're going to look
at austral austral New Zealand and I
just try to pull through and you see all
these common threads isn't that
interesting yes there differences there
always going to be differences but a lot
of
commonalities and for a lot of people
they're asking you know what what can I
do I understand there's a there's a big
it's a big difficult world right now
that we're in Changing Times if you
believe more cuts are coming to the
production of oil that that's going to
stay the way it is they can change it
tomorrow but they're saying all the way
through the rest of the year few months
left and demand is going to remain high
well then prices can rise from here yes
I understand that's simple but there's
many factors at play and so if you
believe that you can invest and offset
the price you know increases that we've
been
experiencing if China or any other major
player goes into into recession demand
will slow down and then prices could
fall that's important I showed you the
Imports in China okay there wasn't it
wasn't like I was just showing you that
stuff for fun Imports of crude oil from
China but now if China goes into
recession mode and they don't start
throwing out the stimulus well then it
means that they're not going to need to
import as much and so prices can come
down and
there are different ways to invest in it
it's up to you how you want to approach
it um reference the companies earlier
you can look at those companies you
could potentially be investing in that
or you could get into the ETFs as well
okay there are a lot of ETFs based
around it you don't want to hold in in
my opinion a lot of the ETFs for long
periods of time because they the way
that they're investing um generally over
a long period it just it doesn't keep up
with the price of the actual uh
commodity but if it's a very shortterm
kind of thing uh maybe you're like yeah
I'm going to get in now but I might sell
it in a few weeks like you might be okay
okay so that's the different story you
got to understand that these are the
things that I talk about all the time
yes I mentioned my book but um there's a
lot of stuff on the Discord as well so
check out the Discord I'm adding more in
there soon um Compass a few days away I
promise I don't I keep talking about
that get on the Discord because you're
going to be able to hear from
like-minded people I've got people from
all over the world and they're
constantly every single day we are
sharing stuff and uh when you get in
there reach out to me say hey I'm here
and I will reach out back to you so I
message every single person that comes
through if they say anything if they ask
any questions I try to answer it I'm in
there every single day click that link
in the description below and now you
waited for the best part of the episode
everybody's favorite the comment of the
day all right Dexter check this uh thank
you very much for that check this uh
comment out by Dexter he said I've been
an elevator mechanic for Otis for 15
years now I work for Shindler it would
be a Major Impact to see them fall I was
wondering how they would Implement Ubi
with the major Union companies but this
clearly it currently elevator mechanics
pay is I I couldn't believe this but my
goodness $68 an hour with a $15 hour
raise coming up within the next four
years under the new wage contract but we
won't see that with what's coming time
to walk away from the money invest in
food and self sustaining methods and
you'll weather this storm easily think
Joseph it's here friends and family I
want to thank you for that comment I
think it's interesting to see the way
that this is going um things are
changing we're in
definitely some difficult times but stay
true to what you're doing okay we got to
understand that you got to be prepared
you got to do what you can at this time
more than ever before okay if you need
me reach out to me on Discord there's a
lot of people in there that you can feel
a connection with and say hey what are
we going to do about it there there's
sections for everything for
self-sufficiency and preparedness for
stocks for crypto for precious metals
everything everything's in there all see
you there and I'll see you on the next
one take
care